Find Welcome back.
First of all let me apologize for any problem that you may be having due to the last Mac update 10 11
El Capitan they've introduced.
Apple has a small thing that nevertheless has affected the way the Pasqua sequel installs and it could
be the cause of your problem.
When we import psycho-BS you to here in Ideally it is possible that when you press enter something happens
a bunch of red text appears and it tells you something like library not loaded.
Reason image not found.
And it's a few lines of hour of text and it can be a bit confusing understanding why that happens.
So in this video.
Let's go over how you can fix this error.
And if this doesn't happen for you if you can import OPG to and that works then you do not have to worry
about this video at all you can just skip it but if something does happen then please try the solution
presented here first.
The problem that you may be seeing is that when OSX introduced its new feature which is called the System
Integrity protection postgresql was not able to tell Python and the computer where to find some required
code.
So what we have to do is to tell our computer when that code is and put it somewhere where the computer
can find it.
So what we're going to do is just go over those steps and the first thing we have to do is to figure
out where Pasqua sequel is installed.
And this normally will be the same place where actually it will be the same place as where we run our
PGE admin program.
So here in Mac it'll be in aside your Macintosh HD then it'll be inside the library and then it'll be
in say pasta sequel and then nine point five.
And as you can a pgm in series here and then you've got your bin folder where there's a bunch of stuff
and we've actually done a couple of scenarios used stuff here but really what we're interested on right
now is in the lib folder.
So the lib folder contains a bunch of code that Pasqua sequel uses which psycho-BS you two needs but
due to these new changes in OS X Pasko sequel has not been able to.
Upon installation give them to us in a way that we can understand.
So all we have to do is to do the following.
You have to open up a terminal and that you can do just by opening up spotlight and typing in terminal
and then you can load up the terminal like that and then you'll be presented with something that looks
more or less like this.
And all we have to do here is to say pseudo L.N. that S and then we're going to say slash library.
And this is where it Pasqua sequel is installed.
Slash Pascua sequel slash nine point five slash lib slash and there at the end of the error message
in idealy which would look something like what you see now on the screen is quite scary error message
but really what we're looking for is the please that says library not loaded.
And then I'll be one of Liberty Assael 1.0 point o dot D Y lib or lib crypto.
At one point 0.00 not D-y lib or lib.
P-Q got 5 Datti widely so library not loaded.
We'll see one of those three things and then what we want to do is go ahead and do pseudo Ellen dash
X slash library slash Pasko sequel slash nine point five lushly.
And then the name of the thing that idealy told you was missing.
So Lyd SSL don't onepoint 0.00 point D-y lib.
And then you're going to do is a slash user slash local slash lib and then we're going to do that.
It'll ask you for your password and you just have to put that in
and then that'll be that.
In my case it says it already exists because I've already done this in the past.
But in your scenario it may just not say anything and then you can just try to turn ideally off and
turn it on again and try to import takeable you again and maybe it will tell you the same error message
or a very similar error message but with a slightly different library that's missing.
And in that case all Lello have to ask you to do is to repeat this command here but with a slightly
different name of the end and that will be once again the name that idealy is telling you is missing
and there should only be a maximum of three things that you need to do and once you've done those things
then everything should just kind of work when taken.
If it doesn't then please do ask a question and of course Chione were always available to help you.
Sorry about these problems.
Hopefully together we can overcome them and get started with an encyclopedia too.
So that's it and I'll see you in the very next few